hey guys step in its my first tutorial
video and I in BG tu the cords and
picking just simple man by lynyrd
skynyrd so so first first of all eat a C
chord C chord and this is type of G
chord I don't know what's called but you
know an ache or an a minor chord and an
a7 chord ok so first plot the open pluck
your a string open so you go watch my
fingers here and it's sorry about that
you get that so you so you pluck this
one open pluck it open and then put your
second finger on it your middle finger
on it pluck it again put your third
figure on it pluck it again so that's
and then you move your second finger up
to the position of the C chord so that
then you punk all the way down after
that
when you get to the store you don't
click all the way down you talk to the B
string and when you get down to the B
string so it's okay then you go up to
the year i'll show you go so open a oh
wait sir you can't see my finger so open
a
okay let's do that one more time real
slow okay next chord is that G so you go
from so from what I just showed you you
keep your you keep all your fingers off
move these two up here but keep this
your first finger off of the B string so
it's
huh you get to that it's a hammer on
okay so let's try that okay so from the
top okay that's completion of the core
of the first chord you move up to the g
which is so it's sorry I got carried
away there so from the from the sea to
the G which there then you plug what a
member and when you get done here you
hammer on but not so that's from
everything I just show you there you'll
you should have this
okay remember this part here cuz this
parts vital so when you get to the G so
you go and that but then you go okay
remember the pluck B and E hey you know
all that right now unless you're a
complete idiot you should have I'm not
I'm just kidding you should have
okay but after that switch to an a so
you go sorry name
okay remember that you just pluck all
the way down after the except for seven
you know except for the big low E string
so you all the way down from the
a string one by one on the on the E
minor chords it should sound like when
you get to the high E you have to have
your pinky on to see you go and then the
pic you forgot one is so i'll show you
the pic you from what I've just taught
you off from the top
so picking that I haven't showed you is
see the those two strings there that's
the D and the G strings I want you to
plug those both with your fault thumb
while plucking the B string like like
our sorry the e strength so like or so
yes hmm yes to beat the string it's
actually bit hard for you and it's just
the whole thing over again without the
without this so the tire thing we should
have now with my you know very poor
teaching skills
and after that it's just because
strumming
there you go that's uh that's my way of
doing a lynyrd skynyrd simple man